# General Interview Questions

Q: What is CORS? How does it work?

A: Cross-Origin Resource Sharing is a mechanism that allows for data to be accessed from another outside domain. It adds headers to an HTTP request that provide access to permitted domains. For any HTTP method other than GET (and sometimes POST), an HTTP OPTIONS header must be present to specify a list of supported methods from the server.

---

Q: Explain the purpose of each of the HTTP request types when used with a RESTful web service.

A:  
`GET`: Receives data from the server.  
`POST`: Creates new data on the server end.  
`PUT`: Similar to `POST` but used to replace existing data entirely.  
`PATCH`: Similar to `PUT`, but only modifies certain fields in existing data.  
`DELETE`: Removes specified data from the server entirely.  
`TRACE`: Returns what it was sent as a means for testing.  
`OPTIONS`: Returns a list of HTTP methods that are supported by the service.  
`HEAD`: Similar to `GET` but only returns the response headers without the body.  
`CONNECT`: Mostly used to establish a network connection to a resource. Once connected, a 200 status code is returned.

---

Q: Consider the following JavaScript code that is executed in a browser, how many **concurrent** requests would you expect to be created?
```
function startAjaxQueue(){
  for (var i = 0; i < 50; i++){
  	executeAjaxCallAsync();
  }
}; 
```

A: Browsers limit the number of concurrent `XmlHttpRequest`s so you would expect that the number of concurrent requests generated by this loop to be in accordance with the limit of the browser.

---

Q: What is the difference between `GET` and `POST` and why use one over the other?

A: While `GET` is generally faster it is also less secure because any parameters you send with it appear in the URl. `POST` can handle a lot of data and it's parameters are stored in the body of the request and can be encrypted to increase security. 